kenzo

low

# `autoRedeem` does not deduct allowance after redemption

## Summary
`autoRedeem` checks that the PT owner has allowed `Redeemer` to spend his `u` tokens.
It checks that the amount allowed is not smaller than the amount of PTs to burn.
But the allowance is never deducted after burning - always stays the same.
So user's tokens can be autoRedeemed again and again.

## Vulnerability Detail
As detailed above and below.

## Impact
This is an unconventional and inconsistent usage of the allowance mechanism.
A user might expect that only `allowanceAmount` of `underlying` can be autoRedeemed, as even that's what Redeemer checks, but in fact as long as he doesn't have a bigger balance of tokens, his balance can always be autoRedeemed.
So for example his USDC might get autoRedeemed once, but then the next USDC market will get autoRedeemed again without user realising it can happen.
I don't consider this high impact as the user will still get his underlying (albeit without the redemption fee). This is more like a strange or overlooked design choice. So I submitted this as low severity. But if you choose to consider this higher, maybe because of the lost redemption fee, please upgrade this issue's severity 🙂

## Code Snippet
We can see that `autoRedeem` [checks](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L511) that the allowance given to spend `u` is atleast as much as the amount burned:
```solidity
            uint256 allowance = uToken.allowance(f[i], address(this));
            uint256 amount = pt.balanceOf(f[i]);
            uint256 redeemed = (amount * holdings[u][m]) / pt.totalSupply();
            if (allowance < amount) {
                revert Exception(20, allowance, amount, address(0), address(0));
            }
            pt.authBurn(f[i], amount);
```
But the allowance is never deducted.
In fact Redeemer has no way to do so AFAIK, as he can't control user's allowance other than to spend it.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider moving to a more consistent usage of the allowance mechanism.
- You can for example have the user set type(uint256) max allowance, and only allowing autoRedeeming if that has been set
- You can check for allowance of iPT (which you can control) instead of `u`.
But you need to make sure you don't introduce any vulnerabilities, as for example Lender holds iPTs and approves Redeemer for them.
- If you don't want to change this, consider adding to the documentation a section about this unconventional usage of allowance.