hansfriese

medium

# Inconsistent use of preview and action functions

## Summary

Preview functions are being used without consistency.

## Vulnerability Detail

`Marketplace.sol` exposes various functions to sell and buy the underlyings and principal tokens and these are kind of wrapper functions of the Yield Space Pool.
The pool exposes preview functions for all possible buy/sell functions and they are paired as below. (Refer to [here](https://github.com/yieldprotocol/yieldspace-tv/blob/main/src/Pool/Pool.sol))

```solidity
buyBasePreview : buyBase
sellBasePreview : sellBase
buyFYTokenPreview : buyFYToken
sellFYTokenPreview : sellFYToken
```

In `Marketplace.sol`, these are used in perfect pairs.
But in `ERC5095.sol`, there are places where incorrect pairs are used.

For example, in the `mint` function, the protocol calls `previewMint` function that does call `buyFYTokenPreview` and then calls `IMarketPlace.sellUnderlying` which is a wrapper of `sellBase`.
Also the `withdraw` function calls the `previewWithdraw` function that does call the `buyBasePreview` and then calls the `sellPrincipalToken` function that does call the `sellFYToken`.

I am not sure if these mismatches are intended but I don't see a big plus using these incorrectly matched pairs.
I am afraid this kind of mismatch can cause side effects in some cases.

## Impact

There can be side effects, for example a user can see a discrepancy in the resulting amount from what he intended to get.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/tokens/ERC5095.sol#L194
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/tokens/ERC5095.sol#L219

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

I recommend using the matched functions if there is no big plus from this inconsistency.
