kenzo

medium

# `authRedeem` and `autoRedeem` do not check if the market is paused

## Summary
`Redeemer.redeem` function checks if market redemptions are paused via the `unpaused(u, m)` modifier.
This check is missing from `authRedeem` and `autoRedeem`.

## Vulnerability Detail
As described above.

## Impact
There is inconsistency in the redeeming methods.
This renders the pausing mechanism ineffective and may lead to loss of funds.

If for example there's an insolvency in some market, like Compound, and Illuminate pauses redemptions until it is fixed,
users may accidently still redeem their iPTs via `ERC5095.redeem/withdraw` and `autoRedeem`,
thereby not getting their full underlying back, and losing assets.
(Once the market is properly redeemed and unpaused, other iPT redemptions will receive underlying that belonged to the unfortunate early redeemer.)

Additionally, since `autoRedeem` may be called by anybody once a user has opted to use the mechanism,
and since it does not have the `unpaused` check,
anybody might burn an `autoRedeem`-user's tokens while the market is paused.
This can be done by accident, or even maliciously, as burning tokens prematurely will increase everybody else's share of the underlying once it is properly redeemed.

## Code Snippet
We can see the `redeem` [function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L403) has an `unpaused` modifier:
```solidity
    function redeem(address u, uint256 m) external unpaused(u, m) {
```
But [`authRedeem`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L443) and [`autoRedeem`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L485) do not contain this modifier, nor have any equivalent check.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the `unpaused` modifier to `authRedeem` and `autoRedeem`.