kenzo

high

# `autoRedeem` allows an attacker to burn user shares before underlying has been redeemed

## Summary
If a user has approved the `autoRedeem` mechanism, anybody may burn his shares (for a small fee) upon maturity.
An attacker can burn such a user's shares *before the underlying has been redeemed from the markets*.
Then, the legitimate user would completely lose his assets,
and the attacker (which would also holds iPTs) will gain more underlying,
as his share of the pool will grow.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `autoRedeem` mechanism enables a user to allow anybody else to redeem his iPTs.
`autoRedeem` just checks that the iPT has matured; it does not check whether the protocol markets have been redeemed yet.
Therefore, let's say that there are a few big whales who have approved using the `autoRedeem` mechanism. And also an attacker which holds iPTs.
When the iPT has matured, the attacker would execute the following transactions on the top of the first block:
- Call `autoRedeem` for the whales. Their shares will be burned, getting nothing, as no markets have been redeemed yet.
- The attacker will then redeem the various markets (Notional etc') (or just wait for somebody else to do so)
- The attacker will then redeem his own iPTs. Since he burned the users' tokens, his share of the pool is bigger, and he will receive more underlying than he deserves.

## Impact
Loss of user funds, as detailed above.

## Code Snippet
`autoRedeem` allows anybody to burn a user's shares, as long as the user [approved](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L511) `Redeemer` to spend his underlying tokens:
```solidity
            uint256 allowance = uToken.allowance(f[i], address(this));
            uint256 amount = pt.balanceOf(f[i]);
            ...
            if (allowance < amount) {
                revert Exception(20, allowance, amount, address(0), address(0));
            }
```
When calculating the amount to be redeemed, there is [no check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L517) that any markets have been redeemed:
```solidity
            uint256 redeemed = (amount * holdings[u][m]) / pt.totalSupply();
```
And this line also shows that the attacker would gain more underlying as the totalSupply decreases.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If you wish to keep this functionality, at the moment I see no alternative but to only allow redemption of iPTs after all the markets have been redeemed.

This issue is related to the issue that users might *accidentally* redeem their iPTs before all the markets have been redeemed, thereby losing their funds.
I think this `autoRedeem` issue is worth an issue in itself as it describes a profitable malicious attack vector of the `autoRedeem` mechanism.
But to fix both the issues, it seems to me that you need to only allow redemptions after markets have been redeemed.
Perhaps you can also add a `emergencyRedeem` function that will redeem regardless of whether the markets have been redeemed.
I detail how I suggest to do it in the mitigation of issue #9.