minhtrng

unlabeled

# Cant withdraw pre-maturity

## Summary

Withdrawal pre-maturity through `ERC5095` does not work because funds arent pulled from user.

Note: everything mentioned below applies to `ERC5095.redeem` analogously

## Vulnerability Detail
Pre-maturity, the function `ERC5095.withdraw` is supposed to sell iPT tokens of a specified owner on the corresponding pool by using `MarketPlace.sellPrincipalToken`. The latter will attempt to transfer the iPT tokens to sell from `msg.sender` (the `ERC5095` contract) to the pool:

```js
Safe.transferFrom(
    IERC20(address(pool.fyToken())),
    msg.sender,
    address(pool),
    a
);
```

In the `ERC5095.withdraw` function there is currently no functionality that pulls the tokens from the owner to the `ERC5095` contract, hence the call to `sellPrincipalToken` will fail due to insufficient balance. To make this work, a user would be required to atomically send his iPT tokens to the `ERC5095` contract with an immediate call of `withdraw` right after. 

The current test case `testWithdrawPreMaturity` uses a cheatcode to ensure that shares are minted onto the token, but that does not reflect a real world scenario. If there were iPT tokens on the `ERC5095` contract, anyone would be able to perform the sell and take the underlying (POC under [#Code Snippet](#code-snippet))

## Impact

Using the `ERC5095.withdraw` function pre-maturity will always revert, unless there are already iPT tokens on the contract, in which case anyone would be able to sell them for underlying tokens.

## Code Snippet

This [gist](https://gist.github.com/Minh-Trng/a019b0652eb28a99c3c40c74e8168a98) serves as a POC to the claims made under [# Vulnerability Detail](#vulnerability-detail). The test case `testWithdrawPreMaturityNoMagicMint` shows the revert due to insufficient balance, if the `deal` cheatcode is ommited from the `testWithdrawPreMaturity` test. 

The test case `testWithdrawPreMaturityDifferentAddress` shows that anyone can perform a withdraw of tokens that are sent to `ERC5095` contract, which is why there is a need to send the token and perform the sell for underlying tokens atomically.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

In `ERC5095.withdraw`, add a `Safe.transferFrom` call that transfers the tokens in the branches that handle the pre-maturity case.



In the test case `testWithdrawPreMaturity`, mint the shares to the calling address instead of directly to the token address. Perform an approve and assert that the shares are pulled into the `ERC5095` contract when calling its `withdraw` function.

The problem seems to apply to `ERC5095.redeem` analogously.