kenzo

medium

# Minting iPTs through iPTs will inflate iPT's totalSupply and mess up accounting

## Summary
Using `Lender.mint`, a user can send iPTs to Lender and mint new iPTs in return.
This will inflate the iPT supply.
In that state, when a user will try to redeem his iPTs, he will get less underlying than deserved - as Lender also holds iPTs who's value should in fact should be distributed equally amongst all holders.

## Vulnerability Detail
Described above. Consider the following scenario:
- Alice and Bob have 10 iPTs each. Total supply is 20.
- Bob calls `Lender.mint` with Illuminate principal and his 10 iPTs
- Bob's iPTs get sent to `Lender`, and Bob gets minted 10 new iPTs
- Now Alice, Bob and `Lender` have 10 iPTs each
- When Alice tries to redeem her iPTs, she gets only 1/3 of the pot, instead of 1/2.

## Impact
Redemption accounting is off.
If a user mints iPTs through iPTs, then upon redemption, every user will get less underlying than deserved.
The underlying can still be rescued by Illuminate team if they withdraw the iPT from Lender, redeem it themselves, and distribute it rightfully to all the users.
But I think that's probably not something that should happen nor that Illuminate wants to have to do.

## Code Snippet
This is the mint function. Note that it allows a user to send iPTs (`p = 0`) to Lender and mint new iPTs in return.
```solidity
    function mint(uint8 p, address u, uint256 m, uint256 a) external unpaused(u, m, p) returns (bool) {
        address principal = IMarketPlace(marketPlace).token(u, m, p);
        Safe.transferFrom(IERC20(principal), msg.sender, address(this), a);
        IERC5095(principalToken(u, m)).authMint(msg.sender, a);
        emit Mint(p, u, m, a);
        return true;
    }
```
And upon redemption, Illuminate [redeems](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L418) to the user his pro rata share of iPT's supply:
```solidity
        // Get the amount of tokens to be redeemed from the sender
        uint256 amount = token.balanceOf(msg.sender);
        // Calculate how many tokens the user should receive
        uint256 redeemed = (amount * holdings[u][m]) / token.totalSupply();
```
Therefore, as the supply has been inflated by tokens sent to `Lender`, user will get less than deserved, as described above.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not allow minting iPTs in `Lender.mint` if `p == 0` (supplying iPTs).